Half Blood Dream
You have become a king
Knowing that I am the emperor, I don't kneel down and beg for mercy
You have clearly judged yourself
Became a worthless cripple
How could it be possible to turn around and become a Tianjun?
You just did it.
It's me, what's wrong?
What if you become a king?
Even if you try to be supreme
I'm going to tear you out of my eloquence
Hey, bend down to dare to Tianzhang
Do you really think your soul treasure is not a problem in the world?
I still have magic
I still have you
Tens of thousands of monsters
As long as I go down
It won't turn to dust.
Thanks for reminding
comfortable
All relaxed
I didn't expect to be Tianjun so cool
Mom
If you want to learn, I will teach you.